Describe the fixes/improvements you made to the Graph implementation here.

This is a great start! Better than I did on my first try. Here are my suggestions to help fix some of your issues:

Your first problem is that you don't have bokeh included as a dependency in your Pipfile. I don't know how you're getting anything to run at all without it. I installed it manually in my environment by doing a pipenv install bokeh.

1 - Nothing seems to connect, my edges aren't showing up: there was an error in your add_edge function in graph.py. It should say "self.vertices[start].add(end)", not self.vertices[start].add(start). The way you had it, you were adding edges but only from start to start, so they weren't going anywhere. I also changed the bidirectional edges to say "self.vertices[end].add(start)" so that those edges would appear, too. Your edges need to go from start to end or vice versa in order for them to appear.

2 - All the vertexes are the same color: For this, I had to go into your graph-demo.py and edit the def main to say 'draw_components=False'. It took me awhile to figure this out because I think it goes back to your draw.py file. Your color selection depends on whether draw_components is true or false so this sort of resets it to zero/false and clears everything out.

3 - Sometimes I do something and when I run python graph_demo.py it takes forever even though my draw.py and graph_demo.py are totally just the same as from class: I don't even know where to start on this one because I don't know what "something" you are doing and therefore cannot recreate this problem. The best I can do is wonder if you're putting in ginormous values for the number of vertices and edges. If you run python (or python3) graph_demo.py and give it very large arguments it's going to take forever to draw them. What I mean by arguments is typing something like "python3 graph_demo.py 100000 100000 1". This graph has a default number of vertices but if you specify different numbers as an argument it will use those numbers instead. Without more information that's my best guess as to what's going on.

4 - I wanted to let it find a target vertex...: I edited your dfs, which was hard to follow because of the variable names. The python interpreter doesn't care what you call variables but when people (including yourself!) come back later and are trying to debug, sometimes it's better to give variables descriptive names so you remember what you were thinking at the time. I renamed 'x' to be 'stack' since we're doing a depth-first search and using a stack for that. I also renamed 'y' to be 'visited', which is a set of items (vertices) we've already checked during the search. And 'z' to be 'current' which temporarily holds the item we pop from the queue for searching purposes.

I also changed a few other things. Like, I saved a line by already populating the queue with start rather than making an empty queue and appending start to it. That's not a big deal. I don't think the computer cares that much either way. If you don't like it, you could change it back. But I also updated your search code in the loop. It looks like you are popping the last item from the queue but then asking the computer to check if the queue ('x')is equal to the target, rather than if the current item ('z') is equal to the target. This is going to cause problems with your search. Then if the current item ('z') is NOT equal to the target, I want to add it to the visited set so we know we've already looked at that one and add possible unvisited vertices to the queue so the loop will keep running until we've checked them all.

I also updated your recursive search by renaming things to be more clear. It took me forever to figure out what graph_rec was even referring to, especially with the variable name being x. So I changed it to search_recursion and then made 'x' the 'visited' set. Hope you don't mind these changes - in my opinion they make your code more readable and you might be able to come back years later and remember exactly what you did here with better variable names. Oh, and FYI, when you call your function recursively, don't forget yourself! Or rather, your self. It should be self.search_recursion(v), not just search_recursion(v). I just use the 'don't forget yourself' thing as a sort of mnemonic reminder to myself when using recursion. Sorry about my weird sense of humor. I have a lot of recursion jokes if you ever want to hear them.

5. If your editor is giving you error messages that actually contain the word "lint" then you have problems far beyond the ability of any mere mortal to solve. If you have a linter installed or added on to your editor, it will give you a ton of error messages as you go along, but none of them will talk about "lint". They will say things like "unexpected indent" or "unexpected EOL" or something like that. The advice that everyone else is going to give you is to make sure you have a nice modern linter like pyflakes or pylint installed and follow all of its instructions, but I personally hate linters because at least 90% of the messages they give me are total bs and do not affect the functionality`of my code in any way. It's distracting and annoying. The main things you need to know with regards to python are:
1) choose tabs or (preferably) spaces but never, ever, ever use both in the same document.
2) 79 columns. It's arbitrary, but they had to pick a number.
3) make it so another person can read it
If you do these things, you will catch all of the important errors that will make your linter cry. Everything else will be caught by your python interpreter and you can fix it then. I know this is the "wrong" answer in terms of this Sprint Challenge exercise but I code in a Unix-based system on plain old vi (not even vim) with no syntax highlighting or linters or any of that fancy stuff, and what do you know? My stuff works the same as everyone else's and nobody complains about what it looks like. And I don't get distracted by squiggly lines and weird colors and stuff, which is important to me.

Oh! And only a heathen uses 2 spaces for indentation. 4 spaces for each indent, please. If you use tabs (PEP-8 does not like them but some people are very opinionated and there have been wars fought over less) set your tabstop to 4, please.

6. I keep losing track of my variables...: see #4 above.
